README.md, before:

# Generic Dungeon Crawler 

## Description
A horrifying monster has taken your village, pick your character and fight the monster before the creature destroys everything you love. 

_Generic Dungeon Crawler_ is a dungeon crawler game where you find your way through randomly generated levels on your way to the monster. On each level, you will face three types of enemies that will try to bring you down: the trivial-, the shooter- and the fast enemy. 

You control your character with the W A S D keys and aim with the cursor. Your character has health and strength, which both can increase and decrease based on what you do. 

Your health decreases when you get attacked by an enemy and increases when you pick up hearts that are placed on each level. If you run out of health you will have to start from the beginning. Your strength changes how much you can attack your enemies, it decreases little with each attack and increases when you pick up clenched fists that are placed on each level. 

You start your journey with a sword, but can later pick up a bow and arrows. There are also different power ups placed on each level, such as speed, which can help your character. 

On the last level you will face the boss, if you can kill it - you won the game. 

The menu in the beginning features a play button, a high score button and a help button, while playing you can get to a pause menu. The game starts with an intro and when you have picked your character you’re ready to play! 

## Installation 
_TODO._

## Testing
_TODO._

Commit message:

Clarified how testing will work

README.md, after:

# Generic Dungeon Crawler 

## Description
A horrifying monster has taken your village, pick your character and fight the monster before the creature destroys everything you love. 

_Generic Dungeon Crawler_ is a dungeon crawler game where you find your way through randomly generated levels on your way to the monster. On each level, you will face three types of enemies that will try to bring you down: the trivial-, the shooter- and the fast enemy. 

You control your character with the W A S D keys and aim with the cursor. Your character has health and strength, which both can increase and decrease based on what you do. 

Your health decreases when you get attacked by an enemy and increases when you pick up hearts that are placed on each level. If you run out of health you will have to start from the beginning. Your strength changes how much you can attack your enemies, it decreases little with each attack and increases when you pick up clenched fists that are placed on each level. 

You start your journey with a sword, but can later pick up a bow and arrows. There are also different power ups placed on each level, such as speed, which can help your character. 

On the last level you will face the boss, if you can kill it - you won the game. 

The menu in the beginning features a play button, a high score button and a help button, while playing you can get to a pause menu. The game starts with an intro and when you have picked your character you’re ready to play! 

## Installation 
_TODO._

## Testing
Some classes will be tested using JUnit test cases. However, this is hard to utilize with graphical objects an thus, everything related to that will be tested using the actual display (making sure it looks like it should).
